[sc-119944] add logging query to monitor (#98)
chronosphereio/terraform-provider-chronosphere: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ## 1.6.3

Reviewer: we typically set the version as part of releasing, depending on what changes. since this is a new feature, we will want to bump the minor.

```suggestion
```

> - Implemented support for logging query in the `monitorv1` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added:
- Implemented support for logging query in the `chronosphere_monitor` resource.
```
